OSDOCS-14472: CPMS custom machine name prefixes (#93119)
openshift/openshift-docs: machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-configuration.adoc

Author: I added a really generic (and perhaps not very useful) intro to the new section below. Please feel free to suggest any other wording.

* xref:../../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-managing-machines.adoc#cpmso-feat-config-update_cpmso-managing-machines[Updating the control plane configuration]

[id="cpmso-config-options_{context}"]
== Control plane machine set configuration options

You can configure your control plane machine set to make customizations that meet your cluster's needs.

//Adding a custom prefix to control plane machine names
include::modules/cpmso-config-options.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> 

Reviewer: To go along with the revised next step
```suggestion

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-managing-machines.adoc#cpmso-feat-replace_cpmso-managing-machines[Replacing a control plane machine]
```

* xref:../../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-managing-machines.adoc#cpmso-feat-config-update_cpmso-managing-machines[Updating the control plane configuration]

[id="cpmso-config-options_{context}"]
== Control plane machine set configuration options

> You can configure your control plane machine set to make customizations that meet your cluster's needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure your control plane machine set to customize your cluster to your needs.
```
I don't know if my suggestions is any better than what you had.
